women keep telling me over and over
Margo I've lost my sexy one woman found
her husband with his laptop in bed
jerking off two busty Amanda on internet
porn another woman said Margo I feel as
if I've got two bodies one from the
waist up that's in charge and takes care
of errands and goes to sales at target
and the other like a fake and storage
unit neglected collecting dust but you
know what I say I say you've gotta
unlock it open it up and get something
back in there and I'm going to tell you
how you ladies need to rediscover your
inner ho it's in there somewhere it
needs to wake up so let's go do it
I'm Margo what's your name my name is
fraud fraud yes where are you from I'm
from Turkey Istanbul let me ask you
something okay we're at a party like in
Turkey you know in Istanbul Taksim oh ok
we're at a party in Istanbul and I come
up to you and you see me and I see you
would you tap that like this do you
think I'm like a milk
you know where to party together and
tell me which one of you hits on me so
we're at a party together would we hook
up no so we're at a yoga retreat
together okay would you tap my aura
how do you say that in Turkish um like
tapping to us tap the ass yeah ah it's
not whatever to me Wow yes you wouldn't
have that no man Matt did you touch
thank you my your type no I'm a
switch-hitter darling would you tap that
come on tap it
no I think when you know the ingredients
in the food it tastes better just
speaking with you right now yeah you
yeah you're very pretty but are you
really pretty you probably be one of my
my cool fashionable lady friends see
sometimes you just gotta put yourself
out there and say hello world here I am
before you know it you're at home your
husband looks at you and he starts
noticing you've got a little solution
the tush and he says to you what's going
on there feeling a little something
something and you say you are feeling
something something cuz I rediscovered
my inner hoe and he says ho no you
didn't and you say ho yes I did it good
to know file it away ok ladies I hope
this helped